(upbeat music)
- [Narrator] So, how did the challenge go, did you enjoy it?
Let's take a look at one way to solve the problem.
I started my work within the Twilio client interface.
And here, I created a new method named sendTextMessage.
On top of this method, I annotated it
with the headers annotation and the request line annotation.
Inside of the headers annotation
I specified the content type header
and used the mime type to specify we were sending form data.
Inside of the request line annotation,
I indicated I would be sending an HTTP post
and then added the path to the messages resource.
Now, inside of this path, there is a template expression
that I had to provide a value for.
So, to do that, I used the param annotation
and put that on the first parameter in the method signature.
Now, I also needed to send additional information like
to, from, and body over to Twilio to send the text message.
I added parameters for those as well
within the method signature,
and then added the param annotation.
After constructing the new method on the Twilio client,
I went over to the land
and monitor application to continue my work.
Inside of the class, I benefited
from the environment variables that I had established
by injecting them into these fields on the class
for my Twilio SID, my auth token, and my to number.
Now, I will call out the from number constant.
It contains my Twilio phone number.
If you're using this example,
make sure you switch this over to your Twilio phone number.
It's really important you use your own Twilio phone number.
Okay, proceeding in the class, you'll see
that I established my Twilio client as a bean within spring.
So, I just added the bean annotation to this method
that's going to instantiate the Twilio client.
Here, I created the basic auth request interceptor
to satisfy the security scheme of Twilio.
And then, I started to construct the Twilio client
using the builder on the Feign class.
This allowed me to register the interceptor
and the form encoder to handle
the form data that we needed to send.
Then, it was just a call to the target method
where I passed in the Twilio client class
and the Twilio API domain.
Once I had instantiated the Twilio client,
I just returned it from the method and that creates a bean
in the spring IOC container that I can inject anywhere.
After that, I just needed to use the client
to send the text message containing
the sentiment of the tweet.
So, we already had the sentiment derived
in this string named message.
So, using the Twilio client, I called
its send text message method that we just created,
passed in the Twilio SID, the to number,
the from number, and the message.
And I was able to send the text over to my phone.
All right, let's see this in action.
I'm going to go ahead and I will run the Java application.
And that's going to cause it to start listening for tweets.
So, let's go to Twitter now,
and we're going to make two tweets.
The first one will say, "I had the best night ever
"at the Landon Hotel," so there's some positive sentiment.
Now, let's have some negative sentiment in a tweet.
"The Landon Hotel is the worst ever," that should do it.
We'll go ahead and tweet that.
All right, now let's inspect our console.
You can see that we received the first tweet
and the AI accurately identified it as positive.
Here comes the second tweet we got
from the Twitter streaming API.
We were able to pass that over to Azure
and it accurately determined
the sentiment using its AI capabilities.
The final thing we need to do is check our phones
to see if we got a text message from Twilio.
Ah, there they are, they came in.
So that's it, that was the final challenge
and it wraps up our course project.
It's pretty amazing when you think about it.
We tapped into social media, used AI, and were able
to send text messages with a small amount of Java code.
And that's all a testament to the power of APIs.